everybody what's up this is rich this is
part five for the windows live mail
instructional series and in this video
I'm going to show you how to make email
groups or mailing lists whatever you
want to call them now traditionally what
people do which in my opinion is
completely wrong is if you want to send
a mail to several recipients what you
would do is if I would send it to Bob at
example.com and let's just say i want to
send it to Bob's friends so you know I
have Jane at example.com comma Joe at
example.com you get the idea so you just
manually type in all these e mail
address as well what if you just could
just do a group or a list it's actually
very easy to do in windows live mail
I'll show you how to do it I will bring
up the contact list now first of all you
got to put some context in here and then
what you can do is you can just hit
create a new group and then what i can
do is call the group of testing and what
i can do is here all my contacts in here
and i can actually just start putting
people in here if i want to i'm not
going to do that i'm just going to save
and testing currently 20 people in it so
what i can do is just click new contact
and what i'll do is just start putting
an email addresses Bob at example.com
and all you need is an email address you
don't even need a name and just hit add
to contacts and then now Bob is in here
but he's not in the group yet so what i
will do is i will edit the group and i
will find Bob and there is and check
them and hit save now Bob is in the
group so I'm going to create a couple
more contacts a I'll do Jane at
example.com add to contacts and I will
do Bruce at example.com add to contacts
then I will go and add these people to
the testing group right click edit group
bob is already checked so I will check
off Bruce and I will check off Jane and
hit save three people you can have as
many as you want in here but you have to
be wary of the number and I'll tell you
why in a second so I'm done here so I
close this and then I want to compose a
message to that group the group is
called testing and remember so I hit new
and all I have to do here is just type
testing there's the group hit it done if
I expand the group it'll show all the
people i'm addressing it too I've put in
my subject put in my message and a hit
send and I'm done that's all you have to
do very simple very very simple I really
like that now i'm going to give you a
little bit tips on doing contact lists
now the deal is depending on your ISP
and I think this also applies to gmail
hotmail yahoo mail or whatever it is
that you're using it is recommended not
to send more than 225 recipients at a
time if you do your mail may be
considered spam even if it's not which
it isn't obviously you're trying to send
out a mass email to your friends or
coworkers keep it to 25 or less if you
have to make several groups and
individually address those males
individually and you should be all set
even though spam detection is really
good when a server sees a message that's
been addressed to 25 different more than
25 different recipients it may flag it
as spam and may be a hassle getting it
not sumi unflagging d flag wherever you
say that afterwards so just a word to
the wise with their asking to be with
that and that is basically it so now you
know how to do contact list and how to
do your how to address to a group and
owned by the way these people that are
in here you can go and edit them later
and add in more information so if you
find out Bob's last name so his last
name is a Smith so put Bob last name
smith hit ok and that changes at the bob
smith and let's just say Bob
has a msn account or Windows Live you
can go to IM and put in as windows live
messenger address it's very cool how
this client works with contact lists and
how to address the people and such I
kind of wish other male clients would do
this this easily this does borrow
heavily from the outlook client which is
not necessarily a bad thing it's a cool
client all around considering what you
get for nothing so that's it and happy
emailing everyone take it easy